<p xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html" xmlns:c="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsp/jstl/core">

    <c:if test="#{sessionUtil.isCurrent('TOKEN_REQUEST')}">

        <p>
            You were authenticated at the Authorization Server and have been redirected to this page whose location matches
            that of <b>"Redirect Uri"</b> property in the settings page. With oxd-java you can supply the redirect
            URI of your choosing when building applications.
        </p>

        <p>
            In the next step we ask for and <i>Access Token</i> and an <i>ID Token</i> based on the following
            query parameters received in this page URL:
            <ul>
                <li><b>code:</b> #{requestBean.code}</li>
                <li><b>state:</b> #{requestBean.state}</li>
            </ul>
        </p>

        <p>
            Press the button below to trigger step #{step +1}.

            <div class="col-md-offset-1">
                <h:form>
                    <h:commandButton value=" Get tokens... " styleClass="btn btn-primary" action="#{sessionUtil.getTokensResponse()}"/>
                </h:form>
            </div>
        </p>

    </c:if>
    <c:if test="#{sessionUtil.isCurrent('TOKEN_RESPONSE')}">

        <c:choose>
            <c:when test="#{not empty sessionUtil.accessToken}">

                <p>
                    Tokens obtained as response of previous step were:
                </p>
                <pre>#{sessionUtil.tokensReponseAsJson}</pre>

                <p>You can access these tokens individually in oxd-java. Json representation was used for displaying convenience only.</p>

                <p>
                    <b>id_token</b> is a json fragment encoded using <a href="http://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-oauth-json-web-token">JWT</a>
                    format and contains metadata about the authentication event, and the issuer and subject of the response.
                    It is commonly used when logging out of the Authorization Server. To learn more about ID Token, check the
                    <a href="http://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#IDToken" target="_blank">OpenID connect spec</a>.
                </p>

                <p>
                    The following is the ID Token after decoding:
                </p>
                <pre>#{sessionUtil.idTokenAsJson}</pre>

                <p>
                    Press the button below to trigger step #{step +1}.

                    <div class="col-md-offset-1">
                        <h:form>
                            <h:commandButton value=" Get user info... " styleClass="btn btn-primary" action="#{sessionUtil.getUserInfo('/oidc/user.xhtml')}"/>
                        </h:form>
                    </div>
                </p>
            </c:when>
            <c:otherwise>
                <p align="center" class="bg-danger">No tokens could be obtained. Check your settings or the console output.</p>
            </c:otherwise>
        </c:choose>

    </c:if>

</p>